for instance we're having a higher and
higher percentage of overweight and
obese children today it's epidemic in
America I'm not sure how well aware you
are of it but God's plan is not for his
people to be overweight but we are
overweight Rhonda and I up until a year
ago lived in a on a mountaintop about
thirty five minutes from here we had 58
acres of land and we had deer all over
the property and almost every time we
drove in or out or went for a walk we
saw a deer
one night we saw 32 deer in one of the
pastures and in the seven years that we
lived on that mountaintop seeing deer
almost on a daily basis not one time did
we see a fat deer they're always sleek
and muscular and oh they were they were
they were so fleet of foot and you know
why are they such and we saw because
they eat the food the way God designed
and we don't how many were born with
eyeglasses I don't think you were born
with them how many have to wear
eyeglasses today yeah at least half of
the population of our country I didn't
have a problem with my eyes until I was
28 years old something started to happen
to my eyes at age 28 now my friends I
couldn't focus properly and so I went to
the eye doctor and I had an eye
examination and as a result of that eye
examination the doctor gave me a
prescription for corrective lenses I had
that prescription filled I put them on
and as many of you have experienced I
had one of those Wow experiences I could
see clearly and sharply once again but
I'm gonna teach you here something one
of the most fundamental and basic truths
that you're going to
today every one of us has a physical
body that is comprised of living cells
that was designed by God to be nourished
with living food every animal creation
in the wild carnivorous or vegetarian
ever since creation to this present day
has eaten its food and his natural raw
state is served up by Nature would you
agree with it only man take that takes
that which God provides in nature and
before he puts it in his body puts it on
fire and cooks the living daylights out
of it but not only does he cook the
living daylights out of it the nutrients
out of it most of them he cooks the life
force out of them the enzymes are killed
with the heat and it is so amazing that
not only do we kill the food but if it's
a manufactured food we put chemical
poisons back into it in the form of
preservatives and coloring agents and
emulsifiers and so forth and the average
person who eats manufactured foods
that's food that comes from boxes cans
packages jars and so forth puts into
their body in one year over 12 pounds of
these chemical additives that are
potentially carcinogenic or
cancer-causing and we wonder why we get
sick my friends were destroying the
life-force destroying the enzymatic
activity destroying most of the
nutrients putting poison back into it
and then getting sick no the Bible says
whatsoever a man soweth that shall he
also reap and my friends one of the
things that helped me so much to
understand sickness in the Christian
community was in this vein in the
average church today ninety percent of
the prayer requests are for churches
wouldn't you agree and it is it is so
amazing that in spite of all the prayers
that we offer in our churches for
sickness the church remains sick amen
now how do we explain this because God
said if you ask anything in my name I
will do it hmm I'm just getting you
prepped here